DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 3e54bb16; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from 3e54bb16 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 7
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  7 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a paris hoarding stripped back by hand, layers of pasted posters torn through to expose four earlier campaigns at once, the ragged tear edges becoming the only composition anybody planned
     SOURCE ID: design-canon-decollage-torn-billboard
     CREATIVE SPARK: somebody tore a strip off a wall of posters and found a concert from four years ago underneath, then another, then another, and the accidental edges are better than anything on any of the sheets.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: aged poster inks bleached to chalk, paste-gray backing board, and the pale fibrous edge every tear exposes
       - Type/composition: fragments of four type systems at four scales coexisting, no fragment complete, reading order set by tear depth alone
       - Topology/navigation: depth is history, so navigation is tearing further down into older layers rather than moving across the surface
       - Controls/state: controls are torn flaps, pulling one exposes the layer beneath, and exposed layers stay exposed as a record
       - Responsive/motion: tears regenerate to fit any frame, and motion is a paper rip that accelerates and then catches
     WEB LEVERAGE: layered svg tear masks generated responsive, pointer-driven reveal of lower strata, and persistent exposed state
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-decollage-torn-billboard.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-decollage-torn-billboard-hero.webp
  2. a single illuminated initial growing into a margin of gold leaf, blue vine, beasts, and tiny narrative scenes, an inhabited threshold compressed into one letter
     SOURCE ID: typography-calligraphy-writing-illuminated-initial-vine
     CREATIVE SPARK: A red letter opens into a gold chamber; a blue vine escapes its stem, circles three lines of text, and ends in a fox playing a lute.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: burnished gold leaf chambers on vellum cream, lapis blue vine as the wayfinding line, minium red initials marking every entry point into the text
       - Type/composition: one giant historiated initial outranking three lines of compact gothic bookhand, the margin composed as an inhabited frame around the measured text block
       - Topology/navigation: Enter through initial, branch, marginal figure, text passage, and referenced story while return remains obvious.
       - Controls/state: Open, trace, gloss, and compare with letter, ornament, scene, annotation, and restored states.
       - Responsive/motion: Turn the margin into a linked companion rail on phones and keep ornament optional to the reading path.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Deep vector zoom can connect minute marginal scenes to semantic text without loading separate pages.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/typography-calligraphy-writing-illuminated-initial-vine.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/typography-calligraphy-writing-illuminated-initial-vine-hero.webp
  3. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  4. an industrial streetwear grammar, ordinary words set in straight quotation marks, zip-tie tags left on, diagonal hazard stripes crossing white cotton and black nylon
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar
     CREATIVE SPARK: You lift a jacket and the zip-tie tag clacks against the hanger; across the back, giant caps in straight quotes name the obvious, and a hazard stripe runs diagonally under the fluorescent light of the stockroom.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: stockroom white cotton and black nylon as ground and ink, black-on-white hazard diagonals for structure, safety orange zip-tie tags as the accent
       - Type/composition: bold industrial caps inside straight quotation marks naming the obvious, label plates set square on the grid like stenciled crates
       - Topology/navigation: every zone is labeled with its literal quoted name, wayfinding is reading, and the hazard stripe runs diagonally under whatever matters
       - Controls/state: the active item keeps its orange zip tie on, toggles read "ON" and "OFF" in quotes, disabled things take the diagonal stripe across them
       - Responsive/motion: stripes hold 45 degrees at every width while label plates stack; motion is a tag swinging once on selection
     WEB LEVERAGE: css repeating-linear-gradient hazard stripes at 45deg, generated content wrapping every label in straight quotes via ::before and ::after
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-industrial-quote-grammar-hero.webp
  5. a dial-up bulletin board at 2 a.m., where ANSI title screens in sixteen colors, block-character art, and one phone line make a neighborhood out of text
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-ansi-bbs-nightboard
     CREATIVE SPARK: The title screen pours in line by line at modem speed, cyan on black, and being the only caller connected feels like owning the night.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: sixteen ANSI colors on terminal black, cyan and magenta block art as chrome, blinking white on blue reserved for new mail and live presence
       - Type/composition: CP437 block glyphs and box-drawing rules composing all chrome on an 80 by 25 cell grid, centered title art over numbered menu lines
       - Topology/navigation: everything is a text screen with numbered exits; the character grid is the only geometry.
       - Controls/state: presence is scarce and precious; who is online, new posts, and mail land as textmode events.
       - Responsive/motion: the grid rescales by character cell; the pour-in reveal respects
     WEB LEVERAGE: A true character-grid renderer with line-by-line streamed arrival and complete keyboard operation.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-ansi-bbs-nightboard.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-ansi-bbs-nightboard-hero.webp
  6. a collider event display, particle tracks curving out of one frozen collision through onion rings of detector and into stacked calorimeter wedges
     SOURCE ID: scientific-notation-particle-detector-event-display
     CREATIVE SPARK: The event lands and the cross-section blooms: yellow tracks curl through the inner rings, two stiff blue lines punch straight to the muon chambers, and red energy bars stack in the calorimeter wedges like a sudden bar chart of violence.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: near-black vacuum ground, detector rings in muted steel blue, tracks in signal yellow and cyan by particle type, red calorimeter bars for deposited energy
       - Type/composition: spare technical grotesk labels pinned to tracks and wedges, momentum figures in tabular digits; the concentric ring section is the compositional law
       - Topology/navigation: space is concentric, beamline at center; you move outward through detector layers and along individual tracks, one event held at a time
       - Controls/state: select a track to isolate it and dim the rest; competing reconstruction hypotheses overlay as ghost tracks, confidence written as line weight
       - Responsive/motion: the ring section stays whole on phones while wedges and figures move to drawers; rotation is inertial 3D
     WEB LEVERAGE: WebGL renders thousands of curved tracks in one 3D scene, with drag rotation, zoom into detector layers, and picked tracks reporting momentum
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/scientific-notation-particle-detector-event-display.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/scientific-notation-particle-detector-event-display-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 3e54bb16 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 7. Build candidate
7 of your own grounded list; seed key 3e54bb16.
